1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
Answer:- Guido van Rossum

2. Which type of Programming does Python Support?
Answer:- Python support Object-oriented, Structured and functional programming.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Answer:- Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language, i.e., it treats uppercase and lowercase characters differently. This applies to identifiers too. You must avoid using the same name with different cases while naming identifiers.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Answer:- .py 

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Answer:- Python is an interpreted language.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Answer:- The following are blocks: a module, a function body, and a class definition.

7. State a character used to give single line comments in Python?
Answer:- # - Single line comment

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Answer:- sys.version method, python_version() function,python-V command.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
Answer:- lambda

10. What does pip stand for python?
Answer:- preferred installer program

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Answer:- 
print( ) function.
type( ) function.
input( ) function.
pop( ) function.
append( ) function.
extend( ) function.
remove( ) function.
count( ) function.

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Answer:-  An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python

13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Answer:- 
1. Easy to Read, Learn and Write
2. Improved Productivity
3. Interpreted Language
4. Dynamically Typed
5. Free and Open-Source
6. Vast Libraries Support

14. How is memory managed in Python?
Answer:- Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Answer:- Install python from this link https://www.python.org/downloads/
After this, install it on your PC. Look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using the following command on your command prompt: cmd python.
Then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path.
Then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit
Add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type %PYTHON_HOME%

16. Is indentaion required in python?
Answer:- Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line. Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only, the indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.